I'm sorry I don't know if I'll be able
to do this I might get these later my
camera doesn't want to work you're
turning off everything like after 30
seconds
anyways that taar1 at the crown reef
resort and a little beach south carolina
and there's a glass elevator over there
and i remember i was here many years ago
and I was like when I stayed here
probably across from these elevators
however they look different than how I
remember these are northern elevators
from actually a variation of thyssen
krupp I did not know why you see these
in Myrtle Beach I don't know how long
I'm gonna have to sit here all right
this has a european-style floor floor
numbering scheme where it starts to tell
GTL 1 2 3 professor tonight and I
remember this controller is being messed
up to where he would stop at the tenth
floor before it go up to the 11th I love
to do this while going up and down okay
no I remember this
this ain't Toronto Canada this is Myrtle
Beach South Carolina no Jesus isn't fast
quite creepy
alright here we are about 10 11
here we go Oh God
snare freshener
oh dang
although I remember this looks slightly
different
oh you start up pretty quickly
and here's a map of the here's a map of
hotel there's a glass elevator in the
they're going to look at that